[DOC-12753] FTS BM25 Scoring Algorithm (#359)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/search/pages/search-index-params.adoc

To exclude dynamic fields from the index, set `index_dynamic` to `false`.

|scoring_model |String |Yes a|

[.status]#Couchbase Server 8.0#

Choose the specific scoring model you want to use for scoring search results for this Search index:

> * `tfidf`: The standard scoring model for the Search Service.

Reviewer: I've seen it written with the dash and without. Mainly just checking if the dash is needed here.
```suggestion
* `tf-idf`: The standard scoring model for the Search Service.
```

Author: So it's confusing but it's `tf-idf` as the official name, and then they wrote it as `tfidf` for actually inside the UI/API 🤦‍♀️

Reviewer: AH I see - you're going with that here to be consistent! Thanks for explaining.
